JOSHUA BENINSON || Vulnerabilities



1)
{
LINE 119:
Vulnerability Type: Integrity,Confidentiality,Availability,Theft-of-Service,Denial-of-Service
"Do  not  use  system()  from a program with set-user-ID or set-group-ID
privileges, because strange values for some environment variables might
be  used  to subvert system integrity.  Use the exec(3) family of func‐
tions instead, but not execlp(3) or execvp(3).  system() will  not,  in
fact,  work  properly  from  programs  with set-user-ID or set-group-ID
privileges on systems on which /bin/sh is bash version 2, since bash  2
drops  privileges  on startup.  (Debian uses a modified bash which does
not do this when invoked as sh.)" - man 3 sytem page; Linux Programmer's Manual


In the current configuration, the system() can be used to execute a command by inserting a faulty "Filename" portion of the packet that starts with a "]" to close the initial command that gets passed to the system that the system command. I don't believe this portion of the code is even necessary since the fopen() can return the error type with strerror() if it is unable to open or find the file in question.
}


2)
{
LINE 139:
Vulnerability Type: Integrity
the fopen function allows the client access to any file in the server so I put the server into a chroot jail and used setuid(getuid()); and setgid(get()); to take priveledges away from the user to potentially restore access to other parts of the system.
}

3)
LINE 128:
Vulnerability Type: Integrity,Confidentiality
{
the strcopy allows the client to overflow the buffer and insert code into the servers stack. Could be used to do return-oriented programming.
}

4)
LINE 117
Vulnerability Type: Integrity, Confidentiality
{
the sprintf() command on line 117 also allows for a buffer overflow overflow, snprintf() should be used with a sizeof(command) as the length paramter to limit input into the command buffer. Otherwise, could be used to do return-oriented programming. Again, this portion of code was simply taken out with comments because it wasn't necessary.
}




